final and it was left to Transvaal and
northern Transvaal to battle it out at
Ellis Park this was regarded by many as
the greatest final of the 80s
packed the capacity all tickets were
sold out on Wednesday for this game
68,000 people found on be under pressure
but run barn hoodies analysts and good
position to trample cobia
and that's not a bad up and under it's
going to be accepted outside he's 22 by
Pablo econ lock and you have an ass
Nicodemus he and hippos all about
he was going away
with the rain coming down members are
American opportunist better work but
here open sale we have been asada here
it is again what's is a very good up and
under because it did not carry as far as
the 22 so no one receiving it could call
for a markup on problem making the
mistake you're having us a good pass to
miss out their policy and there's hemp
Estrada mayor going to his tenth try of
the season chased by hippie nel all away
there's although the tactic surfaces
very wet and slippery underneath its
firm and the board pronounced any
direction good line our position as a
knife with a left foot a drop goal
attempts and exam three points to
northward three points to northern front
vowel drop go
let me go again look at the composure of
this man with a wit ball nobody near you
I will not away from you and with the
left foot for nine points two three
there you have it 29 minutes gone in the
first contra the scrum about ten meters
outside the Transvaal 22 m transfer
northerns backs lining absolutely
shallow they're going to go out from the
Transvaal backs if they try to spin the
ball Robbie
everything gets him more side and he bit
Maggie did a channel free ball for him
and they fell did receive active on us
after the Kirkham after Curitiba seen
eyes got thinnest of it as we're
covering as well
Alex tip counted Lisa
go
stopping up the a thing
whether by Kirkham welcome until you
that was the most interesting try
everybody was running in the discharge
of what happens with the slippery ground
this watch it again as Kirkham with it
and carnal de cuisine i watch this
clever kick ahead here but on crop alert
challenging and coddled you can see
speed getting into and kicking it
clearly inside and therein sipping and
pepper on table kicking it back and
scout Nordea following up diving on it
and clearly getting the try you look
nice you by Irenaeus williamson but ke
NOS with our voice gets go person
vehicle side are not with us if you're
escapes go closer especially quality in
your cross-fostering space underneath
her and opposed to Kikuyu coming sooner
with the summer rains and the been
starting to die away that's nice twitter
and upananda that's a difficult one
holders can get up there the personal
get man mannonball
danny Pretoria is trying to get
underneath it down pardon horses in that
is going to come back lump F doing good
work
Willie Smith slipping other goes to
nasan he's looking for a drop girl he's
slipping and sliding all over the place
in the penalty a penalty given to
northern Transvaal enhance the gift
position hang in front of the post the
crowd
but the referees right on the spot and
he has said that P northern the
Transvaal players were in front
remember that enemy in front of the ball
as long as they in front of that last -
heat they're all side and so here is an
opportunity than a squirter to level the
scores grandfather had tries by Rodham
errand nor DFS prevent like Kirkham and
a penalty by cooking hostas pick two
drops in two penalties is it three
penalties yes it is restored our level
so 15 all the score 30 minutes gone ten
minutes left in the snacks and Bergen
look severe on 18 words the 15
and conf are leading by two girls and
two penalties to golden trunkful to drop
girls and three penalties
they're getting his foolish girl behind
him that's a good hanging kicked up goes
on dry skin and Barden host a link ever
I don't Milan took it very well there
are two nos Berta and as well another
drop girl a tenth and wait for it
it looks good enough
nice brother his third drop goal and the
scores are level again
most complement mr. v over his handle
has been very well indeed very clean gun
hard uncompromising stuff good rugby and
ready for advantage if we wetting his
nos that's good rep ring again here it
goes over it's over
31 points to 18 and a squirrel is forced
drop goal so it were 21 points Transvaal
to have no real
vishka hurry here you know these three
points will be the final nail in
transverse coffin and he hit it
beautifully right fall apart and there
are great scenes of joy and the magic of
NAS Berta took the cup back to Pretoria